It seems that I really dug your eyes out.
I looked at it and saw my age,
I am devoted to you, but you touch my heart for some crimes,
You are so hateful about poaching my business.
I'm not looking at it, and I'm really sorry for you,
Just go ahead and treat it as if it's your turn to fight.
Still, your Yangguan Avenue,
Tell me again, take a rest!
Sister, after all, I have been here for so long,
Just go ahead and let yourself go.
I usually see you in pain,
But your gentle and beautiful words made me let go as soon as I said it.
Then my attack goes straight to the head
I've seen a lot of things with my eyes
Then you kill me
I'll try to kill you for suspecting your aunt
What should I do?
This won't work anymore
I give you trusting eyes
Report to the owner
Arihara News Agency
I'll let you turn my eyes back
My eyes now are not me
It's very uncomfortable
Every time it starts clearly
It will bleed a little bit
I promise you
This is what I owe you
You tell me where I will go
Next door in Guanglingzhen's Myowogo
If you don’t regret it, don’t say it
I owe you this
A gentleman's eyes are as sharp as a dead horse.
Qianqiu, I only hope
You can be liberated as soon as possible
Don't fight each other
I can do it myself